Most governments think that their major aim should be the economic growth of their country. While some people believe that progressing in other areas are equally crucial for the country. In my opinion, economic growth is key for a country's development. Even though there are other areas where a country should focus, growing economically is the most important amongst them.

A country's growth in the world is measured by its economic value. If a country has a strong economy, it will definitely be able to make better decisions and will be respected globally. This also affects the lives of people residing in the country and helps resolve their issues such as hunger, poverty and livelihood. If there is capital within a country, they are able to make faster progress in other areas to become a more powerful nation.

It should be noted that even though the economy is very important, a country should not forget about the other issues that depend on a good economy. Areas such as education, healthcare, military, availability of food should not be ignored. Progressing in these areas is also necessary since these affect the country's individual the most. A country with a good economy but poor education and healthcare system is very unsustainable and is very likely to collapse.

In conclusion, a country's primary goal should be to improve the economic status, and once the economy is stable and strong enough, it should focus on other types of progress. If all the areas are given equal priority, there might be a deadlock between them, resulting in no progress being made in any of the areas.