Children do not like it when teachers give homework at their school. While some people support this idea, many others believe that homework is essential in a student's life and that it plays an important role in their education. Let us have a look at both of these views and discuss the reasons behind them.

Many people believe that tasks given in the school should be completed there itself, and the time available at their home should be utilized to learn other things that are not taught at the school. Also, students can get stressed when they have lots of homework to be finished. There have been scientific studies that have shown that children these days are burdened with homework which is causing a lot of mental health problems.

Although homework has some downsides, it is believed that the primary motive behind giving homework is to help the students get a better and clearer understanding of the concept. Not only does it improve our knowledge, but also, it teaches us time management. There are many things that are learnt while completing homework and as a result, children getting homework is a really effective method of education.

In conclusion, I think homework is a crucial part of our academic life that forces us to learn more about the concepts and promotes self-learning. Also, because of homework, schools are able to cover more concepts, which would have been really difficult otherwise. If one completes their homework sincerely, it saves them a lot of time while preparing for exams.