There is a serious debate amongst people who think that preventing climate change needs to be taken care of and the ones who think that nothing can be done about it and we have to live with it. In my opinion, climate change is a serious problem, and it should be prevented by any means possible. I would like to disagree with the ones who think that it cannot be stopped.

Climate change is a topic that has been the heat of discussions in various councils and countries for the past few years. People have now started to think about this issue more seriously than ever, and significant measures have already been implemented. Many people around the globe have started to conduct rallies against the organizations that are ignoring this phenomenon and have also started to abandon them. The topic has been introduced in most of the educational institutes and is helping everyone to become aware of the disasters that climate change will bring us.

Although most of the world population is standing together to make a change and improve the condition, some people are being ignorant about it and believe that it is a doom that cannot be avoided. They argue that climate change is beyond our control and is a natural phenomenon that will happen no matter what we do. As a result, people have now realized that keeping this kind of perspective is harmful not only for them but also for others.

In conclusion, I believe that the problem of climate change can only be resolved with our joint efforts. If everyone comes together and starts being more conservative about the resources that we consume, then it will help us to solve the problem and enlighten the ones that believe it cannot be solved. 