There has been a rapid increase in the population which has led to high demand for food. To address this situation various countries have resorted to making use of edible insects as food products. While some part of the population is still against this because it is unhealthy and has a negative impact on the environment, there are still some benefits to this idea.

Firstly, insects are a vital part of the ecosystem, they are present in every corner of the world and are undoubtedly a flourishing species of the animal kingdom. It is because of this reason they play a very important role in maintaining balance in the food chain. Certainly, the consumption of insects as food will shake the balance in nature and will lead to some unforeseen disasters. Another drawback regarding their consumption is the rapid spread of diseases, since they have huge numbers they carry various mutations of diseases that do not affect them but will certainly affect us. Also, it should be noted that individual insects provide very less nutrients, as a result a lot of them have to be consumed at once to make this idea work.

However, we cannot deny the fact that insects are still being consumed by humans in various parts of the world. One of the major benefits of making insect-based food products is that it will quickly help us to solve the problem of global hunger. This will surely provide us some time to figure out the alternatives to this solution. Also, due to their availability, making edible insects is cheaper than making other complex chemical-based food products.

In conclusion, it can be said that there might be some temporary benefits to this idea but, there are more drawbacks that will affect us in the long run. We should only consider this option if we are confident in replacing it with better alternatives else, it will lead us to a very unsustainable future.