Organizations throughout the globe have various opinions about keeping a dress code on their premises. Some firms believe that the people working for them should look good and smart. Whereas, others think that imposing such restrictions will reduce their quality of work, and hence, they give more priority to work than the appearance of an employee. In my opinion, an employee should be allowed to wear whatever they desire and work peacefully without any discomfort.

Work attire is believed to be a symbol of representing seriousness about the work and giving a message to others about their personality. Many companies think that having a proper dress code will productively affect a person's mind. People who dress perfectly will work perfectly, which is something that they tend to believe. However, having a dress code is just another rule that an employee has to follow, and although this might help some employees with their productivity, many think that it is unnecessary.

Companies that have enabled the choice to wear casuals in the work environments have seen a general positivity in the employee's behaviour. They have now realised the fact that if an employee is happy, they will work more efficiently. For example, in the company where I was working many of my colleagues were getting late for work because they had to dress properly before coming for work, and this took a lot of their time. This was observed by the management and they waived off the rule, as a result, the employees started being more punctual.

In conclusion, any organization that forces its employees to dress smartly should discuss whether workers are liking this or not. A workplace should always prioritise work more than physical appearance. Having the freedom of choice to wear whatever they like, is a positive way to support the employees.