Universities all around the globe have started to offer online courses so that students can attend their classes through the internet without the need for physical attendance. In my opinion, this is a great positive development that has enabled students to continue their learning without any obstacles.

The growth in technology has provided us with some great benefits and the universities are making the most of it by offering their courses over the internet. Studying online has boosted the spread of education and knowledge to almost all parts of the world. Students are now able to attend lectures easily without the hassle of travelling to the university. It is particularly beneficial for international students who were unable to continue their education because of the barriers they had to face to reach their desired university.

Students who were unable to carry on with their education because of some medical emergencies are now able to continue with it. Other benefits like studying for multiple courses and saving a great deal of travel expenses is something that have been enabled by this opportunity. However, some still argue that there are some drawbacks too, like deterioration of the quality of the course and a decrease in a student's social interaction.

In conclusion, the benefits that come with online courses definitely outweigh all the drawbacks. It is simply a better way of education and, it is helpful for everyone around the globe. The drawbacks can surely be mitigated in the near future with better-designed courses and more advanced forms of technology.