Lately, purchasing things online, such as books, air tickets and groceries, have become increasingly popular. There are many benefits and problems to this growing trend. However, in my opinion, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.

Shopping things on the internet has enabled instant access to the products that we are searching for. It allows us to compare various other products available on the internet and helps us to make the best choice. Online shopping also saves us a lot of time and energy that would have been spent otherwise. Today, most of the products are available online, and this number will keep on increasing because it not only saves costs for the consumer but also saves a fortune to the seller.

However, this growing popularity has some disadvantages too. Since online shopping has increased, online transactions have increased too. The increasing online transactions have led to a growing number of frauds. Also, many people are scammed easily with fake products being advertised to them. Since there is no way of authenticating a product online, it has become very difficult for a consumer to buy genuine products. Lastly, some believe that because of internet shopping, there has been an increase in consumerism, which have resulted in people purchasing goods that they do not need.

In conclusion, there are some serious disadvantages to online shopping, but if a person is responsible enough, they can surely avoid these. The ease of access to a large number of products is one of the advantages that cannot be outweighed. In the future, if laws and strict guidelines are placed by the government, then most of these problems with online shopping can get resolved.