The rapid growth in the Information Technology industry has made a significant impact on our daily lives. It is now involved in almost every part of our day to day activities and has dominated our home leisure and work environments. Although they provide us with a lot of advantages and benefits there are some disadvantages too.

Today, almost every person is using a mobile, laptop or any other smart gadget in their everyday lives. All of this is made possible by the tremendous growth in the information and technology department. The number of gadgets that are used daily has increased by a great extent. In some developed countries homes have now become smart homes, work is now carried out solely from laptops and even when we are relaxing and doing nothing we will find ourselves playing with our smartphones.

Every task that needed some kind of paperwork has now become digital and waiting in long queues to book or purchase something is now done instantly with the help of websites. For example, earlier when someone wanted to do research on a subject, they had to go to multiple libraries and go through various books but now all of this is available at our fingertips. Surely, the advantages that have been enabled by this industry is beyond measures, but there are some disadvantages too. This kind of rapid development leads to problems that affect us in the long run. The huge number of devices that are being manufactured to fulfil our needs is affecting our environment in a very negative manner.

In conclusion, we can say that our lives have changed with the growth of technology. We are dependent on our gadgets more than ever and the benefits they are providing us is something that cannot be replaced. However, it should be kept in mind that since we can live at ease now, we should start focusing more on securing our future and taking measures to save the environment.